Uh-huh.
How was the original situation of Wu Xuan?
Wu Xuan is over
The Li family was completed and destroyed by Han Yang alone
The Li Shushan lineage is just a bunch of trash
Also, this Han Yang alone is favored by the sect master
Not only did he promise to become a young sect master
After living in Jiazi Doctor
Sword God
Jazzy Yard One
The main residence of the leader is only separated by a wall
Even I can't get him
Let Yan Nantian
Give this new young sect master for me
Send some meet and greet gifts
Li Xuanyu, Li Xuanyu
I have courted you many times
You ignore it
Now I'm in love with a waste
I'd like to see it
How many catties and taels do you like?
This will be your home in the future
See if you are satisfied
I don't have high requirements for accommodation
As long as it's quiet, you can rest assured.
Absolutely quiet.
I live right next door to here.
The whole garden gate is not so blind, right?
Thank you master
Hey
Well, what happened to the master?
You said you want Chiba Excalibur
I'll lend it to you as a teacher
You say you want to be clean
teacher
How many people have dreamed of this
The requested Jiazi No. 1 Courtyard is also given to you.
But you still refuse to call me master
This
Believe that one day
You will be willing to call me master
OK
To practice as a teacher
Do your own business.
Ah, 10 almost destroyed
Master, why didn't you tell me?
It's so hard to teach an apprentice
Come on Li Xuanyu
A thousand words
Will definitely make a comeback